README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for Agency AI project
Updated the README to reflect the new project name and features.

README.md, after:

# Agency AI

Welcome to **Agency AI** – your open-source toolkit for adding AI-powered automation to agency workflows.  
Our modular approach makes it easy to integrate, customize, and use.

## 🔑 Highlights
- **Automation:** AI-driven solutions to simplify repetitive tasks.
- **Flexible:** Modular components, quick to adapt for your needs.
- **Open Source:** Free to use and improve.

## ⚡ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repo:**  
   `git clone https://github.com/amiabasana/agency-ai.git`
2. **Install dependencies:**  
   `npm install` *or* `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. **Run the app:**  
   `npm start` *or* `python app.py`

## 🎨 Design & Demo

- **Figma UI Preview:**  
  [Agency AI Design on Figma](https://figma.com/design/hzVEieaPmhUnPIp50Hl6IK/Agency.ai?node-id=0-1&t=cvduyEtteTgTcQIX-1)
- **Full Webpage Video:**  
  [Watch Demo](https://vimeo.com/1149216655?fl=pl&fe=sh)

## ⭐️ Love this project?

Star ⭐ the repo to support Agency AI — thanks for helping us grow!

---
